This repository has been moved to https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/tree/master/pkg/parser.

Parser - A MySQL Compatible SQL Parser
Go Report Card CircleCI Status GoDoc codecov

The goal of this project is to build a Golang parser that is fully compatible with MySQL syntax, easy to extend, and high performance. Currently, features supported by parser are as follows:

Highly compatible with MySQL: it supports almost all features of MySQL. For the complete details, see parser.y and hintparser.y.
Extensible: adding a new syntax requires only a few lines of Yacc and Golang code changes. As an example, see PR-680.
Good performance: the parser is generated by goyacc in a bottom-up approach. It is efficient to build an AST tree with a state machine.
How to use it
Please read the quickstart.

Future
Support more MySQL syntax
Optimize the code structure, make it easier to extend
Improve performance and benchmark
Improve the quality of code and comments
Getting Help
GitHub Issue
Stack Overflow
User Group (Chinese)
If you have any questions, feel free to discuss in sig-ddl. Here are the steps to join:

Join TiDB Slack community, and then
Join sig-ddl Slack channel.
Users
These projects use this parser. Please feel free to extend this list if you found you are one of the users but not listed here:

pingcap/tidb
XiaoMi/soar
XiaoMi/Gaea
sql-machine-learning/sqlflow
nooncall/shazam
bytebase/bytebase
kyleconroy/sqlc
Contributing
Contributions are welcomed and greatly appreciated. See Contribution Guide for details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow.

Acknowledgments
Thanks cznic for providing some great open-source tools.

License
Parser is under the Apache 2.0 license. See the LICENSE file for details.

More resources
TiDB documentation

English
简体中文
TiDB blog

English
简体中文
